make it really simple; let the home page have two pics, rank them. if
you log in, and upload a picture, you get to click on 'profile', which
will only show you your name, your picture and your rank. maybe some
tips on how to improve the picture. if you are not logged in, you are
shown two pictures, and the one you click on disappears. (should i
call it who's uglier instead? no, that's not a positive image. should
i let them click on the pretty one? yes, and then two other pictures
come up. then, later, for the phone app, you let them swipe away the
ugly one. at the same time, or only a little later, you must allow
them to change modes, so they don't get confused.

log in: use facebook. default is profile pic.(is this easier than
having them upload? dunno.)

click on the worst pic, it dissappears. or even swipe it with the
mouse.

javascript for this? probably not needed for the essentials. just
reuse from bna.

---


who'shotter.com

you are shown two pictures on the home page. no need to register or anything. ads.

you click on the one you think is hotter. the hotter one stays on the
screen, and another one appears. you can change this in the setting,
and get two new faces each time if you want.

in the app version, you swipe away the one least hot, and the hottest
stays on the screen. the screen is, of course, held in landscape mode
for this.

yes, non-users can also help rank people.

people are then put in categories from 1 to 10, where 10% of the
population lives in each group, 10 being the best looking people.

you also have a rank (perhaps only in pro/premium (bad names), where
you are number 1 or number 234 in the ranking of who's hottest.

as a user, you will only see people from your own category. is this
too harsh? remember to tell them to upload better pictures if they
want to up themselves a category.

tips for pics:
face the camera, look into the camera, smile, be in focus and well lit.

you can, of course, declare your interest in someone, and if they like
you too, your details are exchanged so that you can chat.

javascript to click the pics, or just python? i can probably manage
with just python. launch a private alpha for my friends and ask them
to upload pics, site can be ugly, without any frills or good graphics,
just the functionality.

i can probably outsource the functionality to india, but do i want to?
probably not. the functionality is very simple. use
transfarmr.dictatr.com and just upload a new version.

get whoshotter.com from domeneshop, get rid of tmhagen.org.

when you first upload a picture, people are going to be asked to
compare you to a random face from category 5, then a 9 or a 2. when
you have established the category you belong in, you will be compared
to the middle face there, and then a lower or higher face, and
eventually, you will be placed. until your face is placed in the
rankng, you are only thrown about, being compared to various faces.

if there is a round-robin, it is accepted until resolved. you put the
faces involved in the round-robin at the rank of the lowest ranked
member involved.

when you first come to the page without being a user, you are shown
two faces, one from the 10 category, and one from the 5
category. then, you are shown various other obvious choices, to please
your ego, and to assess your ability to assess faces. if you are four
years old, or crazy, your responses will be all over the place, and
your assesor rating will be lowered.




